# Terms of Service and Privacy Policy for the neveragain.tech Pledge-Signing Bot

## Definitions

* "Website" means this website, which is the neveragain.tech Pledge-Signing Bot, hosted at <https://sign.neveragain.tech/>.
* "Agreement" means bother the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy below, together.
* "Logs" means data generated by the Website in its routine operation. Logs are minimal, and do not include IP addresses or similar information.

## Terms of Service

### Agreement

This Agreement is only about this Website. It is **not** about the pledge language itself. Nobody is going to hold you contractually to the pledge.

Your use of this Website is **expressly conditioned** on your agreement to these Terms of Service and the Privacy Policy below. If you do not understand either, or do not agree to be bound by both of them, you may not access or use the Website.

### What This Website Does

This Website helps people sign the <http://neveragain.tech> pledge. The volunteer organizers of the pledge verify the identity of every signer. To do this, volunteers may review signers' social media profiles. This Website automates part of that process by allowing a signer to authenticate via Twitter. Once that is done, the Website automatically reads the signer's Twitter profile information, and uses it to create a Pull Request in the pledge's GitHub repository. Volunteers then review that Pull Request, and if everything checks out, merge that Pull Request to add the signature to the pledge.

### Eligibility

By using the Website's pledge-signing function, you represent and warrant that you are legally qualified to enter into and form contracts under applicable law, and that you agree to this Agreement.

### Limitation of Liability

*All warranties, express or implied, are disclaimed. For the avoidance of doubt, this disclaimer includes all warranties arising by operation of law or otherwise, including, without limitation, any and all implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, no encumbrance, or title, in addition to any warranties arising from a course of dealing, usage, or trade practice. There is no warranty that the Website will meet your requirements, or that the operation of the Website will be uninterrupted or error-free. All implied liability for damages arising out of the furnishing of the Website is also disclaimed, including, without limitation: mistakes, omissions, interruptions, delays, tortious conduct, errors, representations, or other defects arising out of the failure to the furnish the Website, whether caused by acts of commission or omission, or any other damage occurring. The Website's contributors and operators shall not be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential, or punitive damages (including without limitation damages for lost profits or lost revenues), whether caused by their acts or omissions, or those of their agents or representatives.*

## Privacy Policy

### Data Collection

This Website collects the following information directly from you:

* Your name (required)
* Your company affiliation (optional)
* Your job title (optional)
* A link of your choice (optional)

Once you authenticate with Twitter, the Website additionally collects the following information about you from your Twitter profile:

* Your numerical Twitter user ID
* Your username (e.g., `@janedoe12345`)
* Your display name (e.g., `Jane Doe`)
* Your bio
* The link in your bio
* Your profile photo
* The number of Tweets you have posted
* The number of accounts following yours
* The number of accounts that follow you
* The date and time you created your Twitter account

The Website does not read any of your Tweets. After your profile information is collected, the Website deletes its Twitter authentication key, and is unable to read your Twitter information again (unless you make a new submission through the Website).

### Data Disclosure and Hosting

All information the Website collects may be disclosed publicly. Specifically, all collected information will appear in a Pull Request that the Website submits to GitHub, at which point it will be subject to [GitHub's Terms of Service](https://github.com/site/terms) and [Privacy Statement](https://help.github.com/articles/github-privacy-statement/).

After your submission is approved by volunteers, your name, and, if you chose to submit them, optionally your company affiliation and link, will appear on the pledge website at <http://neveragain.tech>.

The Website is hosted on Google's [Firebase Hosting](https://firebase.google.com/docs/hosting/) and [Google Cloud Platform](https://cloud.google.com/), and data is stored in a Google-hosted [Firebase](https://firebase.google.com/) database.

### Data Retention

The Website creates a unique identifier to match your Twitter account and the GitHub submission that is created for you. The Website stores this identifier indefinitely, and also includes it in the GitHub Pull Request and the Website's Logs.

Logs are retained for 7 days.

After your GitHub Pull Request is created, the Website's copies of all your data are deleted, except for the identifier described above.

### Do-Not-Track Disclosure

The Website does not respond to Do Not Track signals sent by browsers.
